Code	Country	Year	Title	TextUSA	United States	1939	WWII Explodes	"The start of the war in Europe is generally held to be 1 September 1939,beginning with the German invasion of Poland. Britain and France declared war on Germany two days later. "USA	United States	1941	Attack on Pearl Harbor	"Japanese attacks the United States Naval Base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii Territory. The ranking United States naval officer in Pearl Harbor, known as the Commander-in-Chief Pacific, sends this hurried dispatches to all major navy commands and fleet units. After that day, the U.S. enters WWII and declares war on Japan. "USA	United States	1949	PRC Establishes	"Chinese Communist Party leader Mao Zedong establishes the People's Republic of China after peasant-backed Communists defeat the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek. The United States supports Chiang's exiled Republic of China government in Taipei, setting the stage for several decades of limited U.S. relations with mainland China. For a long time after 1949, the panda is only granted to allied socialist states."USA	United States	1950	Korean War 	"The Soviet-backed North Korean People's Army invades South Korea. The United Nations and the United States rush to South Korea's defense. China, in support of the communist North, retaliates when U.S., UN, and South Korean troops approach the Chinese border."USA	United States	1954	Taiwan Crisis	"Washington signs a mutual defense treaty with Chiang's Nationalists. Next year, the United States threatens a nuclear attack on China."USA	United States	1964	China's Atomic Test	"China joins the nuclear club in October 1964 when it conducts its first test of an atomic bomb. The test comes amid U.S.-Sino tensions over the escalating conflict in Vietnam. By the time of the test, China has amassed troops along its border with Vietnam."USA	United States	1971	Ping-Pong Diplomacy	"In the first public sign of warming relations between Washington and Beijing, China's ping-pong team invites members of the U.S. team to China. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger makes a secret trip to China. Shortly thereafter, the United Nations recognizes the People's Republic of China, endowing it with the permanent Security Council seat that has been held by Chiang Kai-shek's Republic of China on Taiwan."USA	United States	1972	Nixon Visits China	"President Richard Nixon spends eight days in China, during which he meets Chairman Mao Zedong and signs the Shanghai Communique with Premier Zhou Enlai. The communique sets the stage for improved U.S.-Sino relations by allowing China and the United States to discuss difficult issues, particularly Taiwan."USA	United States	1979	Formal Ties 	"U.S. President Jimmy Carter grants China full diplomatic recognition, while acknowledging mainland China's One China principle and severing normal tied with Taiwan. However, in April, Congress approves the Taiwan Relations Act, allowing continued commercial and cultural relations between the United States and Taiwan. The act requires Washington to provide Taipei with defensive arms, but does not officially violate the U.S.'s One China policy."USA	United States	1982	Sino-U.S. Relation Normalizes	"The Reagan administration issues the 'Six Assurances' to Taiwan, including pledge that it would honor the Taiwan Relations Act, it would not mediate between Taiwan and China, and it has no set date to terminate arms sales to Taiwan. The Reagan administration then signs in August 1982 a third joint communique with the People's Republic of China to normalize relations. It reaffirms the U.S. commitment to its One China policy."USA	United States	1989	Tiananmen Square Massacre	"In the spring of 1989, thousands of students hold demonstrations in Beijing's Tiananmen Square, demanding democratic reform and an end to corruption. On June 3, the government sends in military troops to clear the square, leaving hundreds of protesters dead. In response, the U.S. government suspends military sales to Beijing and freezes relations."USA	United States	1999	Belgrade Embassy Bombing	"NATO accidentally bombs the Chinese embassy in Belgrade during its campaign against Serbian forces occupying Kosovo in May 1999, shaking U.S.-Sino relations. The United States and NATO offer apologies for the series of U.S. intelligence mistakes that leads to the deadly bombing, but thousands of Chinese demonstrators protest throughout the country, attacking official U.S. property."USA	United States	2000	Trade Relation Normalizes	"U.S. President Bill Clinton signs the U.S.-China Relations Act of 2000 in October, granting Beijing permanent normal trade relations with the United States and paving the way for China to join the World Trade Organization in 2001."USA	United States	2008	China: Largest U.S. Creditor	"In September 2008, China surpasses Japan to become the largest holder of U.S. debt--or treasuries--at around $600 billion. The growing interdependence between the U.S. and Chinese economies become evident as a financial crisis threatened the global economy, fueling concerned over U.S.-China economic imbalances."USA	United States	2012	Rising Trade Tensions	"The U.S. trade deficit with China rises from $273.1 billion in 2010 to an all-time high of $295.5 billion in 2011. The increase accounts for three-quarters of the growth in the U.S. trade deficit for 2011. The United States and its allies contend China's quota violates international trade norms, forcing multinational firms that use the metals to relocate to China."USA	United States	2015	South China Sea Issue	"At the fourteenth annual Shangri-La Dialogue on Asian security, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter calls on China to haltits controversial land reclamation efforts in the South China Sea, saying that the United States opposes 'any further militarization' of the disputed territory."GBR	United Kingdom	1945	Allies in WWII	Anti-Communist Nationalist Chinese and British fight side by side against Japan in World War II. The British train Chinese troops in India and use them in the Burma campaign.GBR	United Kingdom	1949	The Yangtse Incident	The People's Liberation Army attacks HMS Amethyst (F116) travelling to the British Embassy in Nanjing in the Amethyst incident. The Chinese Communists do not recognize the Unequal treaties and protest the ship's right to sail on the Yangtze.GBR	United Kingdom	1950	Korean War 	"The United Kingdom recognizes the PRC as the government of China. However, British Commonwealth Forces in Korea defend Hill 282 against Chinese and North Korean forces in the Battle of Pakchon, part of the Korean War. The Chinese People's Volunteer Army defeat U.N forces, including the British at the Battle of Chosin Reservoir, part of the Korean War."GBR	United Kingdom	1954	Sino-British Trade Reopens	"The Sino-British Trade Committee formed as semi-official trade body. A British Labour Party delegation including Clement Attlee visits China at the invitation of then Foreign Minister Zhou Enlai. The PRC agrees to station a diplomat in London. The same talks resulted in an agreement to reopen a British office in Shanghai, and the grant of exit visas to several British businessmen confined to the mainland."GBR	United Kingdom	1967	The Cultural Revolution	"Red Guards break into the British Legation in Beijing and assault three diplomats and a secretary. The PRC authorities refuse to condemn the action. British officials in Shanghai were attacked in a separate incident, as the PRC authorities attempted to close the office there. Hong Kong riots. Armed Chinese diplomats attack British police guarding the Chinese Legation in London."GBR	United Kingdom	1972	Taiwan: Part of China	"PRC accords full recognition to the government of the UK, permitting the exchange of ambassadors. United Kingdom acknowledges the PRC's position on Taiwan without accepting it. The two sides signed the Joint Communique on the Agreement on an Exchange of Ambassadors."GBR	United Kingdom	1973	UK Joins EU	The United Kingdom joined the European Economic Community (as it then was) on 1 January 1973 with Denmark and Ireland.GBR	United Kingdom	1984	Sino-British Joint Declaration	"During Prime Minister Thatcher's second visit to China, the two governments signed The Joint Declaration on the Question of Hong Kong, which ushered in a period of sound development in Sino-British relations, as evidenced by important two-way visits and many agreements signed for cooperation in various fields. "GBR	United Kingdom	1997	Hong Kong Returns	Transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong from United Kingdom to China. China and Britain forge a strategic partnership.GBR	United Kingdom	2008	Tibet: Part of China	"The government of UK recognises Tibet as an integral part of the PRC. It had previously only recognised Chinese ""suzerainty"" over the region."GBR	United Kingdom	2010	Military Cooperation	Chinese President Hu Jintao invites British PM for talks in Beijing at the start of what looks like a fresh start for the two nations. Both countries pledge closer military cooperation.GBR	United Kingdom	2015	Trade Deal Negotiation	"Chinese President Xi Jinping and First Lady Peng Liyuan undertake a state visit to the United Kingdom, visiting London and Manchester. Also they met with Queen Elizabeth II and British Prime Minister David Cameron. 30+ billion pounds worth of trade deals are also signed on this state visit."RUS	Soviet Union	1949	Mao Visits Moscow	"Soviet Union recognizes Chinese People's Republic just one day after it is proclaimed in Beijing. Soviet Union and China sign a bilateral treaty called Treaty on Friendship, Union And Mutual Assistance. Among its terms was a military alliance: if either China or the Soviet Union was attacked, the other would come to their assistance."RUS	Soviet Union	1950	Korean War 	"Moscow and Beijing help communist North Korea in its war with South Korea and the West.  Mao committed forces to the Korean War, on the assumption that Stalin would involve Soviet forces and provide men, machinery and weapons. Stalin, however, did not wish to be drawn into open conflict with the United States. Mao felt exploited and betrayed by Stalin, who had failed to honour his earlier assurances."RUS	Soviet Union	1957	Sino-Soviet Relation Worses	"The Soviet Union and China signed a defence accord, with Moscow agreeing to share new military technologies, including nuclear weapons prototypes. However, Sino-Soviet relations began to worsen shortly after, mainly due to ideological differences. Soviet's view was unacceptable to Mao, whose foreign policy revolved around anti-Western, anti-American propaganda."RUS	Soviet Union	1969	Sino-Soviet Border Conflicts	"Differences over security, ideology, and development models strain Sino-Soviet relations. China's radical industrialization policies, known as the Great Leap Forward, lead the Soviet Union to withdraw advisers in 1960. Disagreements culminate in border skirmishes in March 1969. Moscow replaces Washington as China's biggest threat and the Sino-Soviet split contributes to Beijing's eventual rapprochement with the United States."RUS	Soviet Union	1989	Sino-Soviet Relation Normalizes	"Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev visits China, agrees with Beijing's paramount leader Deng Xiaoping on full normalization of relations."RUS	Soviet Union	1991	Soviet Union Dissolutes	"Jiang Zemin visits Moscow as head of Chinese Communist party. Russia, Ukraine and Belarus proclaim Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), breaking up the Soviet Union."AUT	Austria	1955	Independence of Austria	"Austrian State Treaty ended the four-power occupation and recognized Austria as an independent and sovereign state. Occupying forces withdraw from the country, which, in exchange, declares its neutrality."AUT	Austria	1971	Formal Relation Begins	"China establishes formal diplomatic relations with Austria on May 28, 1971 and in September that year, the two sides appointed respectively its own ambassador to the other side. The setting-up of diplomatic relations between China and Austria has opened up a broad perspective for the development of the relations between the two countries."AUT	Austria	1984	First Visit to Austria	"In April 1984, Member of the State Council and concurrently minister of foreign affairs Wu Xueqian visited Austria, being the first visit of Chinese foreign minister to Austria after the establishment of the diplomatic relations between the two countries."AUT	Austria	1993	First Visit to China	"Austrian Prime minister Vranitzky visits China, the first Austrian prime minister who visits China in the history after the setting up of the diplomatic relations between the two countries."AUT	Austria	1995	Austria Joins EU	Austria joined the EU as part of the 1995 enlargement.AUT	Austria	2001	30th Anniversary in Relations	The two sides gave a grand celebration on the 30th anniversary of the founding of the diplomatic relations between the two countries and Austrian President Klestil paid his second visit to China.AUT	Austria	2013	Advanced Relations	"The relations between the People's Republic of China and the Republic of Austria achieved a smooth transition on the whole. On 29 August, the Austrian Foreign Ministry stated that the Austrian government attaches great importance to growing friendly and cooperative relations with China, adheres to the one-China policy and recognizes Tibet as part of China."JPN	Japan	1952	Trade Agreement	The Chinese Commission for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT) is able to get a trade agreement signed by the Japanese Diet members.JPN	Japan	1958	Trade Suspends	"The PRC suspended its trade with Japan, apparently convinced that trade concessions are ineffective in achieving political goals."JPN	Japan	1967	The Cultural Revolution	"Sino-Japanese ties declined again during the Cultural Revolution, and the decline is further exacerbated by Japan's growing strength and independence from the United States in the late 1960s. "JPN	Japan	1973	Normalize Diplomatic Relation	"On 5 February 1973, the PRC and Japan agreed to reestablish diplomatic relations.Negotiations for a Sino-Japanese peace and friendship treaty began in 1974, but soon broken off in September 1975. The PRC insisted the anti-hegemony clause, which was directed at the Soviet Union, be included in the treaty. Japan objected the clause and did not wish to get involved in the Sino-Soviet split."JPN	Japan	1978	Treaty of Peace and Friendship	"The Treaty of Peace and Friendship between Japan and the People's Republic of China was signed on August 12 and came into effect October 23, 1978, under the two leaders of Deng Xiaoping and Fukuda Takeo."JPN	Japan	1980	Considerable Progress	"The General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Hu Yaobang, visited Japan in November 1983, and Prime Minister Nakasone reciprocated by visiting the PRC in March 1984."JPN	Japan	1990	Bilateral Structural Change	"Japan had been investing in the PRC during the early 1990s, and trade decreased during the late 1990s, but resurged at the millennium. The resurgence might have been because of the prospect of the PRC becoming a part of the World Trade Organization (WTO)."JPN	Japan	2008	Revival Relation	"The ""warm"" relationship between the PRC and Japan had been revived by two Japanese Prime Ministers, Shinzo Abe and particularly Yasuo Fukuda whose father achieved to conclude the Treaty of Peace and Friendship between Japan and the People's Republic of China. In May 2008, Hu Jintao was the first Chinese President in over a decade to be invited to Japan on an official visit, and called for increased ""co-operation"" between the two countries."JPN	Japan	2010	Trawler Collision	"On September 7, 2010, after a Chinese fishing trawler collided with two Japanese Coast Guard patrol boats near the disputed Senkaku Islands, the captain of the trawler, Zhan Qixiong, was arrested by Japanese sailors, sparking tensions."JPN	Japan	2012	Senkaku islands Issue	"Both China and Japan claim sovereignty over East China Sea islets that Japan calls the Senkaku Islands and China calls the Diaoyu Islands. Tensions have risen since September 2012, when the Japanese government purchased three of the islets from a private Japanese owner, leading to widespread anti-Japan demonstrations in China."JPN	Japan	2015	Taiwan Issue	"Japan do not formally recognize Taiwan as an independent nation, a condition of maintaining diplomatic ties with Beijing."FRA	France	1949	PRC Establishes	The French Fourth Republic government doesn't recognize the PRC. France maintains relations with the Republic of China on Taiwan.FRA	France	1957	France in EU 	"France signs the treaty of Rome, which creates the European Community within five other core countries of Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and West Germany."FRA	France	1958	Fifth Republic in France	"The Fifth Republic is established in France and General de Gaulle was back in office, pursues an independent foreign policy and attaches greater importance to enhancing relations with China."FRA	France	1964	Diplomatic Relation Formalizes	"France and the PRC had re-established ambassadorial level diplomatic relations. This is precipitated by Charles de Gaulle's official recognition of the PRC. The French became the first Western nation to recognise the new government in Beijing, much to the disgust of the Americans."FRA	France	1973	First Visit to China	Georges Pompidou becomes the first French and Western head of state to visit China.FRA	France	1989	Sino-French Relation Tension	Presidency under Francois Mitterrand sees China's human rights record and the 1989 Tiananmen student protest dominating the bilateral relations. He is one of the most outspoken critics on China's human rights record and pushes for the European arms embargo on China.FRA	France	1990	Taiwan Issue	"France sells weapons to Taiwan, angering the Beijing government. This results in the temporary closure of the French Consulate-General in Guangzhou."FRA	France	1994	Resume Relations	"France eventually agrees to prohibit local companies from selling arms to Taiwan, and diplomatic relations resumed."FRA	France	1997	Full Partnership	"President Jiang and visiting French President Chirac signs the Joint Sino-French Statement, deciding to establish full partnership towards the 21st century. The statement, which lays out the overall framework for developing Sino-French relations in the new international situation, is of great importance to long-term cooperation in various fields between China and France."FRA	France	1999	Economic Relation	"Poncelet, president of the French Senate, visits China. After that, president Jiang visits France. Sino-French relations are primarily economic. The two foreign ministries have conducted regular consultations on important international issues to strengthen cooperation in international affairs."FRA	France	2004	Comprehensive Strategic Partnership	"The comprehensive strategic partnership between France and China is fuelled by an intense series of high-level bilateral visits. The Heads of State meet on a regular basis, during State visits, official visits or on the sidelines of major international summits."FRA	France	2008	Rifts in Relation	"Sino-French relations takes a downturn in the wake of the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay. As torchbearers passes through Paris, activists fighting for Tibetan independence and human rights repeatedly attempted to disrupt, hinder or halt the procession."FRA	France	2014	50th Anniversary in Relations	France and China commemorates the 50th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries. A cooperation plan adopted on the occasion of the Chinese President's visit to France set the major operational guidelines for the French-Chinese partnership. MEX	Mexico	1942	Diplomatic Mission Reopens	Mexico reopens a diplomatic mission in the city of Chongqing which was closed in 1941 due to the Japanese invasion of China and the diplomatic missions between the two nations were elevated to embassies.MEX	Mexico	1971	Recognizes the PRC	"Mexico recognizes the People's Republic of China as the sole and legitimate government of China, therefore issues relates to the Republic of China (Taiwan) are managed through the Office of Consular Liaison under the circumscription of the Consulate General of Mexico in the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau."MEX	Mexico	1972	Diplomatic Relation Establishes 	The People's Republic of China and Mexico establishes diplomatic relations.MEX	Mexico	1981	First Visit to Mexico	"It is the first visit to Cancun by a Chinese head of government, Chinese Premier Zhao Ziyang in Latin America."MEX	Mexico	2005	Negotiates Investments	Chinese President Hu Jintao comes to Mexico promising increased investment in industries like automobile-parts manufacture and mineral exportation.MEX	Mexico	2008	Bilateral Trade Deal	"Mexican President Felipe Calderon reciprocates with a visit to Beijing in a bid to improve bilateral trade. Nevertheless, China has focused more on South American commodity producers such as Brazil and Chile to meet this end and fuel chiefly-export economy."MEX	Mexico	2009	Swine Flu Pandemic	"In the wake of fears of a worldwide swine flu pandemic, thought to have started in Mexico, relations between the two countries, hitherto improving steadily, cools substantially over China's decision to quarantine some seventy Mexican citizens, despite none of them showing symptoms of the virus."MEX	Mexico	2014	NFTB in Beijing	"The National Foreign Trade Bank of Mexico (NFTB) opens an office in Beijing to increase the commercial presence of Mexico in Asia, as well as providing support to Mexican Businessmen to achieve a higher exchange of products."MEX	Mexico	2015	ICBC in Mexico	"The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), the largest bank in the world, opens its first branch in Mexico, becoming the first Chinese bank in the country to do so."ESP	Spain	1953	Agreement of Friendship 	"The Agreement of Friendship is signed between the Republic of China and Spain. The Secretary of State, Alberto Martin Artajo, travels from official form to Taiwan with the aim to consolidate the relations between both countries."ESP	Spain	1973	Sino-Spain Relations Establishes	"When Francoist Spain and Maoist China establishes diplomatic relations on 9 March 1973, in a clear example of realpolitik, both regimes agrees to leave aside their ideological discrepancies to expand their insertion in the international community."ESP	Spain	1985	Spain Joins EU	"Spain signed its accession to the European Communities, a milestone that marked the return of Spain to the first line of European politics."ESP	Spain	1995	Spain Visits China	"First Minister of Foreign Affairs and the first Head of State that visits China. This singular position of Spain is highly appreciated by the Chinese leaders, as former Foreign Minister and Politburo member, Qian Qichen, recognizes publicly in his memoirs."ESP	Spain	2005	Comprehensive Strategic Partnership	"Nov. 15 in 2005, China and Spain have agreed to build a comprehensive strategic partnership to benefit the two nations and promote peace and development in the world, said a joint communique issued Tuesday."ESP	Spain	2010	Substantiates Partnership	The exchanges and cooperation between the People's Republic of China and the Kingdom of Spain deepens across the board and their comprehensive strategic partnership is further substantiated.DEU	Germany	1945	Division of Germany	"As a consequence of the defeat of Nazi Germany in 1945 and the onset of the Cold War in 1947, the country is split between the two global blocs in the East and West, a period known as the division of Germany."DEU	Germany	1957	Initial Agreement	"An initial agreement between the Federal Republic of Germany and China is signed, not by the governments, which has no contact, but between the German Committee on Eastern European Economic Relations and the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT)."DEU	Germany	1972	Diplomatic Relation Builds	"The Federal Republic of Germany established diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China. diplomatic relations are officially established. A trade agreement is signed that same year, but trade remains limited."DEU	Germany	1989	Tiananmen Square Massacre	"It is Deng Xiaoping's reform policies beginning in 1978 that finally breathed life into the Chinese economy and into relations with Germany. But 1989 sees the first break in ties when protests by the Chinese democratic movement are quashed by the government on June 4. Relations between Germany and China turned icy, but doesn't remain that way for long, recalls Runge. ""Interestingly, it is only a limited break in ties. There is never a total embargo on trade,"" he said. """DEU	Germany	1990	The Germany Unified	"Two states emerges: West Germany is a parliamentary democracy, a NATO member, a founding member of what since became the European Union and one of the world's largest economies, while East Germany is a totalitarian Communist dictatorship that was a satellite of Moscow. With the collapse of Communism in 1989, reunion on West Germany's terms follows."DEU	Germany	1993	Asia Concept	"The German government under Helmut Kohl's leadership presents its ""Asia Concept,"" in which the region is described as offering huge potential for the future with China."DEU	Germany	1998	Frequent Visits	"German leaders who visit China included President Roman Herzog, Chancellor Helmut Kohl, Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel and Minister of State at the German Federal Foreign Office Ludger Volmer. Among these leaders, Chancellor Kohl visits China twice in 1993 and 1995. Since the new German government comes into power in October 1998, Chancellor Gerhard Schroder has paid three visits to China."DEU	Germany	2011	Sino-German Cooperation	"The Chinese government issues a ""White Book on the accomplishments and perspective of Sino-German cooperation"", the first of its kind for a European country. The visit also marks the first Sino-German government consultations, an exclusive mechanism for Sino-German communications."DEU	Germany	2014	Comprehensive Strategic Partnership	"Since 2004, Sino-German relations have therefore been described as a ""strategic partnership in global responsibility"". Relations were upgraded to a ""comprehensive strategic partnership"" during President Xi Jinping's official visit to Germany at the end of March 2014."MYS	Malaysia	1957	The Independence of Malaysia	The Federation of Malaya becomes independent from Britain with Tunku Abdul Rahman as prime minister. MYS	Malaysia	1969	Anti-Chinese Riots	"It refers the Sino-Malay sectarian violence in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The riot occurred in the aftermath of the 1969 Malaysian general election when opposition parties makes gains at the expense of the ruling coalition, the Alliance Party."MYS	Malaysia	1974	Diplomatic Relation Builds	"Malaysia becomes the first of the five founding ASEAN member states to establish formal diplomatic relations with China. It breaks the ice of the Cold War and set foot in Beijing for a mission which he describes as ""a journey of goodwill and friendship to sow the seeds of mutual understanding between Malaysia and China""."MYS	Malaysia	2008	Trading Partner	Malaysia has been China's largest trading partner in the ASEAN grouping.MYS	Malaysia	2009	First Visit to China	"When Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak visited China for the first time as Prime Minister in 2009, he was presented a gift by his Chinese counterpart Wen Jiabao a photo picturing Prime Minister Razak, Najib's late father, signing the joint communique to establish diplomatic ties with China's then Premier Zhou Enlai."MYS	Malaysia	2014	Flight MH17 Misses	"Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 travelling from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur crashes in eastern Ukraine, close to the border with Russia, with the loss of all 298 people on board. The two sides in the Ukrainian conflict accuse each other of shooting the plane down. The incident and its aftermath spark international outrage and condemnation."																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																								